* Britain considers laws to fine airports for poor service
              * Plans follow anger over week of snow-related disruption
              By Peter Griffiths
              LONDON, Dec 26 (Reuters) - Britain is considering new laws
to fine airport operators if they disrupt passengers' journeys
due to poor planning, the government said Sunday, after snow
led to widespread cancellations and delays last week.
              Snow and ice grounded flights across Britain and northern
Europe before Christmas, raising questions over whether airport
operators should have been better prepared.
              Transport Secretary Philip Hammond said managers at
London's Heathrow, the world's busiest international airport,
had badly underestimated how much de-icing fluid they would
need.
              One of two runways at Heathrow, owned by Spanish company
Ferrovial, was closed for four days due to the snow and many
planes were frozen in their parking bays.
              European Commissioner for Transport Siim Kallas called the
disruption unacceptable and said he may force airports by law
to provide a minimum level of service during bad weather.
              Britain's transport ministry said the disruption had
highlighted the weakness of British aviation regulator's
existing powers to hold airport operators to account.
              ``The government is committed to reforming the way airports
are regulated, putting passengers at the very heart of how they
are run,'' a Department for Transport spokeswoman said. ``This
will require primary legislation and we are considering options
for how best to take this forward.''
              Any new laws could see the biggest airport operators
granted licenses that they risk losing if they fail to cope
with emergencies such as extreme weather, Hammond said in an
interview with the Sunday Times newspaper.
              ``Because airports are ultimately strategic infrastructure,
we probably need to have as a very last resort some powers to
intervene in the way we don't have at the moment,'' Hammond was
quoted as saying. His ministry did not give details of the
timing and exact form of any new legislation on airport
operators.
              After recent criticism, BAA announced an inquiry into its
handling of the icy weather and promised to spend an extra 10
million pounds ($15.44 million) on measures to cope with snow.
 ($1=.6478 Pound)
 (Editing by Louise Ireland)